# AVCS4-FalconRadiosAliasFile

This is just a small app I use to convert the aliases file used by my AVCS4 BMS profile for VoiceAttack to or from JSON to flat text.

I am making it public here so that any AVCS4 BMS users can suggest additions to the master aliases.json file, which I can convert to the flat-text format that AVCS CORE can read, and therefore we can all share a better and more inclusive global aliases for Falcon BMS Radio voice commands.

The AVCS4 BMS Automatic Command Generator which reads the user's chosen Falcon BMS program Menu.dat file will read the raw aliases.txt file from my GitHub repo here, so any updates here will ensure anyone running the Automatic Command Generator system will always use the very latest aliases file.  These are backwards compatible, in that if radio items do not exist, those aliases simply will not be applied.

## Agencies are:
#### WINGMAN, ELEMENT, FLIGHT, AWACS, ATC, TANKER

## Flight agencies are considered:
#### WINGMAN, ELEMENT, FLIGHT

**NOTE:**
For any non-flight agency, the format for an alias key is the page + "_" + command  
  
The "page" text should be exactly as written in the Menu.dat file for that section of items, including spaces and/or symbols.  
  
The "command" text should have no spaces between words, and remain in the casing it is shown as in the Menu.dat file.  

    

## ALIAS RULES AND STANDARDS:
- A reasonable number of aliases should be used for any given command, so as to not exceed visible (and mental) ability to review the base ways a command can be called.
- Aliases are helpers for unnatural radio commands in the default Menu.dat radio commands list, and not merely to help catch all the ways we can say a given command.
- Brevity terms use should be globally accepted, and not merely what one single virtual fighter wing uses for a radio command call.
- It is often best to have the main phrase as the first alias for it, and so this will appear as the numbered item in the command reference dynamic radio menu boxes, with all aliases past the first in parentheses.
- Phonetic variants should not be used as aliases, these are best created as commands in the profile by the author OR by end users utilizing the Quick Command Creator (QCC), say, "Create a new Voice Command".
- Not everything that can be an alias should be a global alias in this file for all users.  Users will be able to create their own aliases as well, but they simply won't appear in the list of hard-coded aliases generated by this file in the command reference dynamic radio menu boxes, they can simply say, "Create a new command alias", for themselves, too.
  
  
  
## HOW YOU CAN HELP:
Navigate to the aliases.json file in this GitHub Repo, and suggest edits/changes/additions using the GitHub systems, and it will notify me - I can approve of, discuss, or disregard suggestions depending on how they fit in to my goals, and my rules/standards for this aliases file.  I doubt I would ever not respond if a discussion was needed, and I'll likely explain why if I intend to disregard a suggestion including reasons why it might not fit within my goals for this file.  
  
So, if you think something obvious should be a master alias for all users, just use this repo to suggest an edit to the aliases.json file and I will take it under consideration.

